my name is Brandon Sarkis on behalf of
expert village today I'm going to show
you how to make the traditional French
classic dish pull a apple or chicken in
a pot at this point we're going to
gather up our chicken and we're also
going to gather up our twine and we're
also going to gather up our margerum as
well as our smashed up garlic but what I
do is we're going to step our chicken
with it so I've gone ahead and made sure
that the chicken was rinsed out really
well on the inside Iran water cold water
through it for about five minutes I go
ahead and got all the giblets out of the
inside as well and trim that any that
fat that was right here to keep the
opening here now this chicken does slob
the neck on it I'm keeping that on for
flavor purposes you can cut it off if
you want but there is a lot of flavor in
the neck so we're just gonna keep it in
at least as far as I'm concerned so
let's take our large room here and one
other thing on and show you real quick
when you take your garlic before you
even put your garlic inside the chicken
we're going to season our garlic with
some salt and some pepper that is going
to be it's going to help season the
inside of your chicken a lot easier than
trying to actually get salt and pepper
inside there which could could prove
difficult so take your margin room hold
just like this this is the easy part now
you want to push it this way inside the
chicken so you push it this way is going
to push the leaves back so go in the
direction of the growth of the herb and
just send them with our garlic I like to
take the garlic just a few pieces at a
time and really really work them up
inside there
let's fix more that season garlic here
and what's going to happen here is is
this isn't going to be all the seasoning
this chicken is going to get but it's
going to be a lot of it we're going to
get it's going to steam the inside its
kind of scene from the inside out and at
that the garlic and the salt pepper the
maaram is going to permeate from the
inside out of the chicken it's going to
be a really really beautiful result tie
it around one foot or foot leg
and we're just going to truss up the
feet just like that what that does that
helps keep first of all the shape of the
chicken but second of all it also helps
keep all the herbs inside when we go to
brown it off so and you could also trust
the wings to the body if you really want
to I don't see a reason to so that's it
for a chicken I'm also going to season
the outside here in a second but we'll
get to that in a moment